Tool time!
That's right.
Binford tools
is proud to present
Tim "the tool man" taylor!
(cheers and applause)
Thank you.
Welcome to tool time.
I'm your host
tim "the tool man" taylor.
'course,
you all know my assistant
al "I live for bingo" borland.
Here on tool time
We've showed you
many different ways
to cut wood,
But nothing as fun as today.
Al, if we were gonna cut
that piece of pine,
what would you select?
Well, tim, I'd probably use
the binford 2200 circular saw.
Mm, good choice.
Ooh, but what if
we'd blown a fuse?
I see we're at your house.
Well, then I'd use
my trusty crosscut saw.
That's a good choice,
but not today.
Today we have
something special for you,
And for that,
we have to bring out
a very special guest.
And I expect a big
tool time round of applause
For robert
"the human hatchet" cho!
(cheers and applause)
If you were to cut
that piece of pine,
Would you want to use
a circular saw for that?
Won't be necessary, tim.
Hacksaw?
No, no.
Coping saw?
(yelling)
Whoo.
Here's a man who doesn't worry
about losing his house keys.
Ha! I'm in!
Mr. Cho is here to publicize
the karate demonstration
This Tuesday night
at the fox theater
To benefit
the children's hospital.
That's right. Karate.
Boy, there's a sport
with more power.
Ar-ar. Oh-ho-ho-ho.
That's right, tim,
but the secret is
to channel that power
Through focus
and concentration.
Yeah. Two things
I excel at.
Well, that and driving yourself
to the hospital while bleeding.
Are you saying I couldn't
break that board
with my head?
Well, tim, he says it takes
focus and concentration,
And I think we all know
which one of us has that.
You think you can
break this board
with your head?
Yes, I do.
Oh, really?
I don't think it's such
a good idea, al. I...
My show here, ok?
You're up to the challenge,
right, al?
It's all right.
(inhales deeply)
(yells)
(loud cheering)
Uh, tim. Tim.
I don't think
you should try this.
Hey, quiet.
There's one thing
you should...
You've said enough.
You should know...
It's my show.
I can do this.
(inhales deeply)
(hisses)
(yells pseudo-japanese)
I was gonna say
I have studied karate, tim.
Buford tools -
messages. We have 'em.
We'll be right back.
Well, what do you think?
Could we put the kids
in the middle?
Spaghetti sauce
smells terrific.
Thank you.
Honey, um,
this breadstick is too long
For the bread basket.
Could you break that
with your head?
I think I can handle that.
Focus.
I can handle it.
(mumbles
in pseudo-japanese)
Hyah!
Ah.
Hey, dad. Think fast.
Not in the house!
You guys are jerks.
Aw, go play in quicksand.
Oh, shut up.
Stop it. Come over here.
What's going on?
They won't let me
play football
with them.
Still?
Guys, how many times
do we have to tell you?
Let your brother play.
We were just about
to put him in the game
when everyone had to go home.
Yeah, that's right.
You guys are lying.
Hey, hey, let me handle this.
Yeah.
Mark, get out of here
for a minute.
We'll talk to them.
Stop doing that stuff.
What's the matter
with you guys?
Dad, he's a huge geek.
That is enough.
Now listen, the next time
he wants to play, include him.
Dad, he's always running
out of bounds. He's chicken.
He's not chicken.
He just doesn't have
a lot of self-confidence.
He's afraid
of getting hit.
Just tell the other guys
that he has some kind
of horrible rash
And they shouldn't
touch him.
Yeah, right.
Why don't you teach him
something about football?
Like right now,
I'll teach you guys
how to go a long pass.
Go long, come on.
In there. Swerve now.
Long! Go! Come on!
Longer! Go long!
Post pattern. Go! Go!
(brad) dad, come on!
I'm in the bathroom!
Well, shut the door
and take a shower.
I think you're right
about mark.
I think that he just has
a self-confidence problem.
We should find him something
that he can be good at.
I got it. I got it.
How about...
(mumbles in pseudo-japanese)
Flight attendant?
Karate.
No, no.
Karate is too violent.
What about gymnastics?
That's a wonderful sport,
and he won't get hurt.
He won't get hurt?
One slip
on the pommel horse - boom.
Why don't we just
let mark decide?
There's an idea.
Hey, mark,
come down here!
(mark) coming!
I'll just ask him
which he prefers,
gymnastics or karate.
I'll ask him.
No, no, no. I know you.
You'll just try
to influence him.
I am gonna be fair
and objective.
No tricks.
I won't say a word.
Ok, mark. Sit down.
Your father and I
were just talking
and, uh...
We think that since
brad and randy won't ever
let you play with them,
You should take some class
where everyone gets to
participate.
So, what do you think?
You wanna take gymnastics
or... Karate?
I can take karate?
All right.
Before you decide...
Do you remember
when we watched the olympics
And we saw those
handsome american gymnasts
Get their gold medals?
Jill...
Shut up.
They were standing, remember,
on that podium, so proud,
And the american flag
was raised
And "the star-spangled banner"
was playing,
And america wept.
Please!
Remember that?
That could be you.
Mark taylor, gymnast,
Representing the entire
United States of america.
When does he get his
congressional medal of honor?
Or you could take karate
And, you know,
probably lose some teeth.
Or slip on a pommel horse
and squish your little...
Tim... Don't try
to influence him.
I've just got one thing
to say to you.
(yells in pseudo-japanese)
...Tanaka mothra!
Karate!
All right.
Yes!
Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho.
Ok, everyone stand up.
"yes, sensei."
(all) yes, sensei.
Push back.
I'm gonna show you
a little piece
Of the demonstration
I'm gonna do this weekend.
(cho yelling)
Tim?
Yeah?
Having a muscle spasm?
No, I was working
some karate moves.
Oh, is that
what that was?
You ok?
Ok, class.
Line up.
Yes, sensei!
Yes, sensei.
Horse stance, one.
Hands out.
(jill) hi.
Hi, mark.
Kids don't wave
at their moms
During karate class.
Fighting stance.
Ready? Loud.
Ich, ni, san, hyah!
Look at that. He's got
his fists clenched so tight
His little knuckles
are turning white.
Couldn't he...
Loosen that up some?
Oh, yeah, loose fist makes
a very effective weapon.
That's how come boxers
always come together
with the referee.
"all right, guys.
Come out slapping."
"take that,
you big mean man.
Take that, take that."
Stop it.
He does look real cute
doing this.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe karate's
not so bad after all.
It seems pretty harmless.
I really should get home
and start dinner.
I'll see you later.
See you later.
Now we're gonna do
some free fighting.
Push back.
Free fighting?
What is that?
It's just a term.
So is "cracked fibula."
I've asked two boys
from my advanced class
to do a demonstration for you.
Face each other. Bow.
Fighting stance.
(boys yelling)
(cho) 2, 3.
This is what you have
to look forward to.
I don't think so.
It's pommel horse time.
Come on, sit down.
These are the experienced -
advanced class.
Mark won't be able
to kill anybody
till he's 10 or 11.
Oh, that's comforting.
Everyone, stand up.
Get a partner, quick.
Grab a partner.
Let's go. Let's go.
You two, up front.
Hey, this isn't fair.
That kid's way bigger
than mark.
Shh.
All right, artie.
Get ready to kick
some butt, huh?
Boy, there's a mom
you could love, huh?
Yeah, that butt
she wants kicked is mark's.
It's just an exercise.
Mark, go on. Come on, buddy.
1, 2! That's it, see?
Keep your hands up.
Did you see that?
That kid slapped him
when the teacher wasn't looking.
Mark, let it go, buddy.
Let it go. Focus, come on.
(cho) high block,
knife hand. 1, 2!
Artie, grind him up, huh?
Excuse me.
Ma'am, um, I don't think
you should be encouraging
your child
In this sort of behavior.
What are you
talking about?
He just slapped my boy.
It's karate class.
That's what it's all about.
No. Slapping is not
what it is all about.
Hey, if stick boy
can't take it,
Get him out of here.
He did it again!
Come on, tell your kid
to stop playing dirty.
Listen, they are
just having fun.
Artie's not gonna
hurt stick boy.
Would you stop calling my kid
"stick boy"?
Then feed him something.
Face it, lady.
Your kid's a weenie.
Artie just gave him
a little tap.
How would you like it
if somebody gave you
a little tap?
Is that fun?
Don't touch me, lady.
Hey, don't shove me.
Get outta my face.
Why don't you tell that
to your breakfast doughnut?
Hey, hey, honey.
Stop it!
Hyah!
You ok, dad?
Yeah.
Let me go tell
brad and randy
what happened.
No, don't.
Brad, randy!
I can't believe it.
I am so ashamed
that I got into a fight
with that woman.
You were just trying
to protect our son.
Well, it was the
karate class.
How can you not be violent
When everybody around you
is going, "hey-ha, ho, ya-ya"?
Hey, dad. I heard a woman
slugged you with her purse?
What happened, she wouldn't
let you borrow her makeup?
Son, you want to say that
one more time to me?
No.
Quit teasing your dad.
It's my fault.
I got into a fight
with this woman.
Oh, mom, that's great!
No, it is not great.
So, dad, how'd she do?
She was awesome.
She stepped right in there,
face to face, toe to toe.
It was great.
It was stupid,
and it never would have happened
If that woman had
just stopped her son
from hitting mark.
Ooh, little mark needs mommy
to fight his battles.
Shut up!
(tim) cut it out.
Stop it.
Guys, stop it!
Stop that! Come here!
Hey, when I tell you
to stop, stop.
You better watch out.
Another week of karate,
He'll be able to
wipe the floor with you.
Yeah, right.
Look at him.
No! Why are you all
so fascinated with fighting?
I don't want anybody
to beat anybody up.
What is wrong with you people?
You make me sick.
I just want you
to love each other,
you big bunch of jerks!
Are you satisfied?
I mean, she's talking
to you two.
You bummed her out.
All she wants is us
to show a little respect
to one another.
Is that too much to ask?
Dad, we're sorry.
Yeah, we'll try.
(both) dad got hit by a girl!
Dad got hit by a girl!
I know where you both live!
And that's the proper way
To repair a mortise
and tenon joint.
Good job, al.
Thank you, tim.
If we were building a coffin,
would we have to build
A rigor mortis
and tenon joint?
I don't think so, tim.
Almost out of time, al.
Just enough time
for "camouflage corner."
"camouflage corner"?
Yeah. Didn't you get
that memo?
No.
Must have been camouflaged.
Normally
when we think of camouflage,
We think of military.
Now this is your
typical military soldier's
Tiger camouflage.
Now here's that same soldier
in a costa rican jungle.
Where is he?
I can't even see him!
He could be looking at me
right now! I'm so scared!
Al, there's also applications
in your yard.
That tool shed of yours?
A little unsightly
out there in the backyard?
All right.
Now, here's a way
to camouflage.
You can hardly even tell
it's there now.
Think you've finally
lost it, tim.
I'm just joking around, al.
Actually, camouflage
has many applications,
even around the house.
Lisa, bring that out, please.
Let's take wallpaper.
Wallpaper can be used
to decorate a wall
Or disguise
an unsightly wall switch.
Now, you see, can you find
the wall switch here, al?
Well, they're usually...
They're usually
right along the...
Not as easy
as it looks, is it, al?
That's camouflage for you.
Whoop!
This is ridiculous, tim.
I don't want to be a part
of this anymore.
I'm sorry, al.
Just trying to make a point.
Here, put these away for me,
will you?
Come on. Put 'em...
Just grab them, al.
Grab the darn things, al.
Al? Hey, al, where'd you go?
(tim) al!
Al!
All right,
one more time. Ready?
Fighting position.
(both) ich, ni, san, hyah!
Again, again, again.
Fighting position.
(both) ich, ni, san, hyah!
That's good.
Let's do it again.
No, I don't want to
wear you out before class.
I'm not tired.
Oh, you're tired.
I know when you're tired.
I can tell
just by looking at you.
Hi-ho, neighbor.
Hi, wilson. How are you?
You all right there?
I'm great.
I got him in a karate class.
We're out here
to practice some moves.
Karate does build up
the stamina.
Yeah.
Jill thinks I have him
taking the karate class
So it'll teach him
how to fight.
Oh, so jill thinks
you have a predilection
for aggression.
Predilection?
Let's just say
proclivity.
Proclivity?
What else you got?
How about inclination?
Inclination, yeah.
Well, that's what
she thinks, anyway.
But you're not actually
encouraging mark to fight.
No. I just want him to be able
to stand up for himself.
If he gets in a bad situation,
I'd like him to be able
to kick butt in a major way.
But every dad wants that.
Gandhi's dad didn't.
Well, maybe gandhi was
a major disappointment
to his dad.
Maybe gandhi didn't eat
because he wouldn't fight kids
for his lunch money.
How about that?
Well, now, tim, are we talking
about the same gandhi?
Not unless he went
to my elementary school.
You see, when I was that age,
If I couldn't wisecrack
my way out of a situation,
sometimes I'd run,
And I'm thinking that karate
Would give mark, you know,
the ability to stand up
for himself.
Well, tim, I'm reminded of
what the greek historian
herodotus said -
"where wisdom is called for,
force is of little use."
Of course wisdom
is the best way to go,
But when a fat kid
is slapping you around,
You don't have time
to be thinking about
Reciting the state capitals
alphabetically.
Well, that's interesting.
Albany, annapolis,
atlanta...
Wilson.
Augusta, austin...
Wilson!
Baton rouge...
You got a minute?
Oh, I'm sorry, neighbor.
Do you think it's a bad idea
to teach the kid karate?
You just have to remember
that when you give a boy
a weapon like karate
That he's mature enough
to know when to use it.
Yeah, he is
a little kid, isn't he?
Mm-hmm.
Have a good day.
Bismarck, boise,
boston, carson city...
Charleston!
Cheyenne, columbia...
Dad, is mom coming?
No.
What are we gonna do
in case there's trouble?
There's not gonna be
any trouble.
Bow.
If artie pushes me,
I'm gonna give him
a karate chop.
You're not ready
to karate chop anybody yet.
You don't know enough
about karate.
But you're learning.
You're gonna know pretty soon.
Then I'll beat him up,
I guess.
No, no, no, no, no.
With guys like artie,
Once they know
that you have the skill
To actually beat them up,
you don't have to.
Then you have the confidence
to just stand there,
And they walk away,
you know?
Karate does give you
more power,
But it's wisdom that teaches you
when to use the power.
That's according to
greek historian hippopotamus.
What are we gonna do
in case he pushes me today?
Just wave those socks
in front of him.
Boy.
Dad, come on.
You got a fish in there?
Dad.
Recite the state capitals.
I don't know them.
Then walk away from it, ok?
Ok.
Have fun. That's the key here.
Fun. Concentrate.
Have a good time.
Hi.
How you doing?
Boy, these kids
love this, don't they?
Yeah.
I could have used
a class like this
when I was a kid.
You and me both.
Who are you with?
Artie.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I don't want butterball
to mess with my kid today, ok?
Well, you don't have to be
so mean about it.
Look, I'm just saying
I don't want artie
touching my kid.
And if anybody
calls my kid "stick boy,"
There's gonna be
some big trouble.
If you've got a problem
with my nephew,
Maybe you'd better talk
to his father.
His father?
Hey, roy!
That's his father?
Yeah.
Why aren't you
his father?
Hey, mike. What's up?
This guy here...
What's your name?
Borland. Al borland.
Al said if artie
touches stick boy,
There's going to be
big trouble.
Did I say it like that,
with hostility like that?
It didn't come out...
Wait a minute.
My wife told me about you.
You're married
to that loudmouth.
Yeah, that's her.
I don't like anyone
threatening my son.
Don't crowd me.
What are you gonna do
about it?
Atlanta, austin...
Afghanistan...
So you're a wise guy, huh?
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, leave my father alone.
Mark, I can handle this.
Mark!
Ich, ni, san, hyah!
Mark, come on. Mark.
Back off, stick boy.
Hey, don't push my kid
like that.
Like you're gonna stop me.
Yeah.
Hold on a minute!
See, mark?
I should have walked away.
That was your best shot?
(gasps) better. Better.
Good. Good.
(rings)
No. No, I understand,
mr. Cho. It's fine.
Ok. Bye-bye.
I'm taking mark
to karate class.
No, you're not.
That was mr. Cho.
He's moving mark
into a different class.
All right.
Advanced class, huh?
That was all those extra lessons
I've been doing with him. Ha!
No, tim.
Mr. Cho is not
moving him up.
There's another
beginners' class
that starts in two weeks.
He's gonna put him
in that.
Why?
He says that
we don't understand
The basic philosophy
behind karate.
What?
Yeah. He thinks that we have
a lot of... Pent-up hostility.
That's crazy. I'm gonna get
that idiot on the phone.
He has a point, you know.
Every time
we took mark to class,
one of us hit somebody.
Well, you started it,
though.
I got a way that we can...
Let off some steam.
Ohh, ohh.
It'll put us in great shape
for mark's next karate class.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Ho-ho-ho.
Focus.
Yeah.
Yah, mothra!
Ahchoo!
Frankfort, harrisburg,
Hartford, helena, honolulu,
Indianapolis, jackson,
Jefferson city,
Juneau, lansing,
Lincoln, little rock,
Madison, montgomery,
Montpelier,
Nashville, oklahoma city,
Olympia, phoenix,
Pierre, providence,
Raleigh, richmond,
Sacramento, salem...
(chuckles)
Salt lake city,
Santa fe,
Springfield, st. Paul,
Tallahassee, topeka
And trenton.
Albany, atlanta...
(laughing)